NIP-51 Lists (#183)
nostr-protocol/nips: 51b.md

NIP-51b
======

Note Event List
-------------------------

`draft` `optional` `author:fiatjaf` `author:arcbtc` `author:monlovesmango` `author:eskema` 

An event with kind `30001` is defined as a list event (see [NIP-51 - Lists](51.md)) for note events (or kind 1 events). The list of tags should follow the format for "e" tags as defined in [NIP-10 - Conventions for clients' use of e and p tags in text events](10.md).

Commonly established list parameter names for this kind are:

> - `mute` - a list of tags that the user wants to mute
> - `follow` - a list of tags that the user wants to follow
> - `pin` - a list of tags that the user wants to pin (for display on profile)
> - `bookmark` - a list of tags that the user wants to bookmark

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `mute` - a list of Note Events that the user wants to mute
- `follow` - a list of Note Events that the user wants to follow
- `pin` - a list of Note Events that the user wants to pin (for display on profile)
- `bookmark` - a list of Note Events that the user wants to bookmark
```

Author: again, it isn't a list of note events though. it a list of tags. the tag format is defined explicitly in the nip. 

"The list of tags should follow the format for "e" tags as defined in [NIP-10 - Conventions for clients' use of e and p tags in text events](https://github.com/monlovesmango/nips/blob/lists/10.md)."

> 
> Outside of the commonly established list parameter names above, users are allowed to create lists with custom names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
